Hello.
This is Brian Hansen with Pluralsight,
and this is my training course on Maven Fundamentals.
In this course, we're going to cover a brief introduction to what Maven is.
This is applicable to whether you are new to Maven or you've
used various other build tools such as Ant.
We're going to do a detailed overview of the pros and cons between
build tools such as Ant or other scripting tools and what's different
about Maven. We'll cover the key concepts of Maven, concepts like
convention over configuration.
And don't worry if you've never heard that term before.
This is the foundation for which Maven is built on,
and we're going to discuss what this means.
But in a nutshell.
If you follow their methodology, it makes your life a lot easier.
We're going to cover the day‑to‑day programming concepts and how to
integrate Maven into your typical code throughout the day.
We'll also cover basic integration as far as tying it into your IDE and how to
make it work well with other tools that you're already using.
You can use Maven as a standalone tool,
or you can use it inside of an IDE such as Eclipse,
Spring, or IntelliJ.
We're actually going to go through a step‑by‑step
instruction as to how to do that in your IDE and see how
that makes development a lot easier.
Maven can also be very complex.
It can do a lot of things for you such as
multi‑module builds and very sophisticated,
tough‑structured concepts, but it can also be very simple for you to use.
We're going to see if we can make this an easier tool for you to use in
your day‑to‑day coding. Topics we're going to cover, we're going to look
at what general introduction to Maven is,
and then we're going to dive into the structure.
What folder structure does Maven like?
Well, there is a very basic structure that if you follow it,
everything just kind of works for you.
Then we're going to dive into dependencies.
If you use Maven for one thing,
it should be dependency management in handling transitive
dependencies inside your application.
Next, we're going to dive into repositories, why we want to use repositories,
what they are good for, and what your local repository is and how
that would also tie into your corporate repository.
Then we're going to look at plugins.
Every action you do inside of Maven is a plugin.
We don't need to write our own plugins,
but we'll talk about how you download and use other ones than
just the standard built‑in default ones and how to see what
plugins are available for you out there.
Then we're also going to spend some time,
as I mentioned earlier,
looking at the IDE integrations and how to tie that
into your builds within your IDE. Let's get started by diving into the fundamentals of Maven.